Add sample .env doc (#2639)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/deployment.md

});
```

> Then you can create a `.env` file or directly set environment variables in your chosen deployment platform. See the [environment configuration documentation](/cms/configurations/environment#sample-env-file) for a sample `.env` file:

Author: ```suggestion
Strapi generates a `.env` file with default values when you create a new project. You can edit this file or set variables in your chosen deployment platform (see [example `.env` file](/cms/configurations/environment#example-env-file)):
```
